/*Original Summary:

In a relatively feasible future, the only home humanity has ever known is running low on resources and is becoming less hospitable. Nations has joined together on a mission to explore outward into the cosmos in search of more resources or a more hospitable planet. After years of exploration and no viable planet sourced, {insert name here} discovers a particularly promising moon orbiting a planet and decides to land to find its resources to continue {his/her} search. The moon contains useful materials that can be refined to refuel the space vessel. However, this moon contains many cavernous paths that appear to be dug out by some kind of organic being. The moon is home to life forms the likes of which have never been seen before. These extremely territorial organisms have evolved to live in the vacuum of space and have thrived on this moon for thousands of years. The goal of the game is to explore these caves for valuable resources while avoiding of fighting off foreign, extremely-territorial hyper-beasts.
*/


Possible Backstory:
What happened on Earth doesn’t matter. A series of bad decisions led to the downfall of Humanity’s reign on Earth.  The few remaining nations joined together to leave find a new home and gather necessary resources to continue life. Our story follows a tale of a member of the UMN’s Volunteer Scout Force . Volunteers scout ahead of the Miners to bring back samples and discover any threats to the mining process. Volunteers are given a set of basic tools. When sworn in a Volunteer is given the keys to a military grade RCSC-226 scouting vessel, a DEM-42 multi-tool, a K communications device, a LBG-HP5 modifiable pistol, and a Nelexi multi-use melee weapon.  

The player character is a mute, unnamed Volunteer. In a similar fashion to other silent characters the player is supposed to project themselves into the character.  The Volunteer does not have proficient training. Therefore the player needs to use their wits to get around various obstacles and enemies. 

Joining them on their journey is the scientist Oakley, who guides the player along via Voiceover, reacting to the world around the player as well as giving advice if needed.


Storytelling moment ideas:

The player finds a vain of The Mineral. Oakley would have the player mine some of the mineral with their multi-tool. The Mineral isn’t that pure, so the player needs to continue their search

The player passes though a ravine lit via bio-luminescence. Oakley comments on the beauty.

The player hears a loud roar. Oakley’s disposition changes to a more serious tone.

During a platforming puzzle, Oakley will casually discuss some of the scientific data that the ship gathered about the planet.



